okay hey to them back I literally just
got home from work like an hour ago
maybe who knows but yes so I wanted to
come to you guys with like basically my
final review and I literally wanted to
show you guys how my hair is once I get
home from work so I flat on my hair in
the morning at about maybe a little
before at 10:00 and I work for eight
hours and then I come home so this is
how the hair stays for eight hours I
literally do nothing to it I flat on it
in the morning and that's pretty much it
this is a very low maintenance hit even
though it's kinky straight
you still like don't have to do much to
it this hair solo means this is from
literally from this morning my hair
stayed this straight
I did not comb it brush or anything the
hair does not shed it's the only thing
that I do get is like meny like breakage
and everything like that because my
wefts are cut and I didn't know that
they got cut when I was doing this so in
but other than that excuse me other than
that it's not shedding is breakage that
I get from this here and it's a very
little bit only when I combed the hair
out I go like this I literally get
nothing from the hair so this is the
yuvan kinky straight hair flick that my
other video that I've dyed like a
burgundy and also with the L'Oreal hi
color it bleeds when I wash it but the
color doesn't like really fade out that
crazy like if I was to dye my hair
blonde and then put that over it
probably would turn pink after a while
got a pimple turned pink off the wall
but I've watched it to at least like six
seven eight times and it's still red so
that's good that's a plus on the L'Oreal
hi color so if you want to get red hair
that won't fake definitely do Laurie oh
hi color what else I want to tell you
guys about this here um Tanglin this
hair does not tangle even when I washed
it the last time I washed it I think
that's because I had my hair curled I
watched it and I didn't comb out the
curls first he tangled a bit but other
than that I swear to you there's no
tangles for it like in this hair at all
this hair gets as straight as it
possibly can and I put I have a baby
less flat iron that I use on it and I
use it on 450 degrees are 501 or two and
I literally fly honest hair everyday and
the hair still is like straight and I
have no problems with the hair honestly
like this is like the best honestly the
best Aliexpress hair I ever had
and I'm gonna actually order from them
again I want to try their body wave here
but this is really good hair if you're
looking for kinky straight hair that's
not too coarse still soft and low
maintenance and when you wash it it does
not tangle up or matter or anything like
that this is the hair for you for sure
like like 100% behind this hair this is
not sponsored I brought to my own money
I have bought originally three bundles
in the closure closure didn't work out
because of the person that did it and
this is actually only about two bundles
in my head because the three bundles was
just too much hair that was just overly
thick and it was let me see
it looked Wiggy basically so I don't
believe that you even need three bundles
with this hair feels like you gotta be
really really full yeah but other than
that no next question would be does it
hold the curl so yes and no yes this
hair holds Wang curls for more than a
day actually and I even slept with my
hair Juan curl and woke up and it was
like these like soft waves so it still
look cute with like a big curling iron
let me see if I could find on hold on I
can't find it right now but with a good
curling iron like a Kim K type of curls
it doesn't hold as well and I think it
might be because of a hair length
actually it curls but it doesn't stay so
if you want to long Curless here 100%
absolutely you can do that but other
than that I wouldn't like Kim caters
hair or anything like that I'm trying to
think what else I could tell you guys
but other than that like like I said
100% I love this hair so much I'm gonna
be
had to take it out but on to the next
hair and yeah so if you want kinky
straight here that's bomb kinky straight
hair that basically is not gonna give
you no trouble no nothing go to yvonne
take you straight here Aliexpress it's a
good price I paid like one hundred and
seventy seven dollars for three bundles
plus a closure so if you were just
getting two bundles a three buttons
it'll be way cheaper than that
so I'm also definitely gonna try to body
wave here like I said and I'll be back
with a review the next here I'm gonna
install there's gonna be the diamond
dynasty here and I'm gonna actually
color it I don't know if I'm gonna use
bleach or not but I'm gonna let you guys
know and that'll be pretty much my next
video a couple weeks from now so yeah
any questions please leave them down
below and I will let you guys know
whatever question you have about this
hair because I love it and I'm telling
the truth
like I really love it I'm shocked that
this is Aliexpress hair I wish I would
have tried them sooner look how straight
to here it gets like so nice and it
feels like like my hair if my real hair
was like straightened or blow-dried
that's how it feels it like mimics
african-american hair which I am
partially african-american so yes it
definitely holds true and it's so soft
like I just love it it looks so natural
and everything so that's the close-up of
the hair so yeah definitely check out
Yvon kinky straight hair and this hair
originally was like a 20 inch but I got
it cut so I think it's about like a 18
now but I like it this length better
than it was before because if the ends
look a little bit stringy and stuff so
yeah other than that I see you guys in
the next video and that's it